Add documentation for OneDrive connector (#1439)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/reference/onedrive.md

# OneDrive Connector

> The [Elastic OneDrive connector](../connectors/sources/onedrive.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Elastic OneDrive connector](../connectors/sources/onedrive.py) is built with the Elastic connectors Python framework and is available as a self-managed [connector client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).
```

## Availability and prerequisites

This connector is available as a **connector client** from the **Python connectors framework**. To use this connector, satisfy all [connector client requirements](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/build-connector.html).

This connector is in **beta** and is subject to change. The design and code is less mature than official GA features and is being provided as-is with no warranties. Beta features are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.

## Usage

To use this connector as a **connector client**, use the **OneDrive** tile from the connectors list **Customized connector** workflow.

For additional operations, see [Usage](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/connectors-usage.html).

## Connecting to OneDrive

> For initiating a connection to OneDrive the connector will need an Azure application credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to OneDrive you need to [create an Azure Active Directory application and service principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal) that can access resources. Follow these steps:
```

Please confirm the link :)

1. Go to the Azure portal (https://portal.azure.com) and sign in with your Azure account.

2. Navigate to the "Azure Active Directory" service.

3. Select "App registrations" from the left-hand menu.	

4. Click on the "New registration" button to register a new application.

5. Provide a name for your app, and optionally select the supported account types (e.g., single tenant, multi-tenant).

6. Click on the "Register" button to create the app registration.

7. After the registration is complete, you will be redirected to the app's overview page. Take note of the "Application (client) ID" value, as you'll need it later.

8. Scroll down to the "API permissions" section and click on the "Add a permission" button.

9. In the "Request API permissions" pane, select "Microsoft Graph" as the API.

10. Choose the application permissions and select the following permissions under the "Application" tab: `User.Read.All`, `File.Read.All`

11. Click on the "Add permissions" button to add the selected permissions to your app.

> Finally, click on the "Grant admin consent" button to grant the required permissions to the app. This step requires administrative privileges. (Note: If you are not an admin, you need to request the Admin to grant consent via their Azure Portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, click on the "Grant admin consent" button to grant the required permissions to the app. This step requires administrative privileges. ℹ️ **NOTE**: If you are not an admin, you need to request the Admin to grant consent via their Azure Portal.
```

12. Click on "Certificates & Secrets" tab. Go to Client Secrets. Generate a new client secret and keep a note of the string present under `Value` column.

> After completion, use the below noted parameters to configure the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completion, use the following configuration parameters to configure the connector.
```

## Configuration

### Configure OneDrive connector

The following configuration fields are required:

#### `Azure application Client ID`  (required)

> It is a unique identifier of your Azure Application, present on the app's overview page. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique identifier for your Azure Application, found on the app's overview page. Example:
```

- `ab123453-12a2-100a-1123-93fd09d67394`

#### `Azure application Client Secret`  (required)

> It is a string value that the application uses to prove its identity when requesting a token, available under `Certificates & Secrets` tab of your Azure application menu. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String value that the application uses to prove its identity when requesting a token, available under the `Certificates & Secrets` tab of your Azure application menu. Example:
```

- `eyav1~12aBadIg6SL-STDfg102eBfCGkbKBq_Ddyu`

#### `Azure application Tenant ID`  (required)

It is a unique identifier of your Azure Active Directory instance. Example:

- `123a1b23-12a3-45b6-7c8d-fc931cfb448d`

> #### `retry_count`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### `Maximum retries per request`
```

The number of retry attempts after failed request to OneDrive. Default value is `3`.

### Content Extraction

> The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found as `TIKA_SUPPORTED_FILETYPES` in [utils.py](../../connectors/utils.py) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [content extraction](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/connectors-content-extraction.html) in the official docs.
```

## Documents and syncs

The connector syncs the following objects and entities:
- **Files**
    - Includes metadata such as file name, path, size, content, etc.
- **Folders**

*NOTE*:
- Files bigger than 10 MB won't be extracted.
- Permissions are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users with access** to that Elastic Deployment.

## Sync rules

[Basic sync rules](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/sync-rules.html#sync-rules-basic) are identical for all connectors and are available by default.

## Advanced Sync Rules

> Advanced Sync Rules will be available in 8.11+.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Advanced sync rules are not available for this connector in the present version.
```
